The point of this project was partially to get my hands dirty with Ruby again after a break, 
It was pretty fun: I hadn't used Bootstrap before, or Haml, and I'd been relying pretty heavily on 
scaffolding to do the core structure, before this.

So there's nothing too complex here, it's just a basic scheduling system between a student and a coach. 

Some of the features include that coaches can declare their availability by making time slots,
students can book time with those coaches, both parties can see their upcoming meetings, as well as cancel,
and there's basic logic in there preventing conflicts - e.g. either parties double-booking themselves. 

Things I revised/learned from doing this include:

- using Devise, a gem which handles login flow, including password encryption 
- database linking - foreign keys as well as declaring ownership between models, 
- using hooks in the Models to handle creation: 
-   for example forcing timeslots to have a fixed length of 30 minutes, 
-   preventing double-booking
- bootstrap, whereas previously I was using CSS for everything
- using HAML as opposed to erb
- integrating and messing with the simple calendar gem. 

All in all, had a pretty good time. 

There's a second reason for this, which was to have a crack at a UI for slot creation which is a 
little different to the old one. 
If we look at the old one, not to roast it, but there are a few things which jump out at me. 

Firstly, I think it's kind of a lot to take in at first flance. It's a pretty densely populated page, 
and you can immediately see all the time slots. There are a million little things to click, and maybe 
that's not super user-friendly. Certainly not if your vision is poor. 
Secondly, I think the weekly layout makes sense, but the drawback is that if you want to declare 
your availability far into the future, you have to do a bit of extra navigating. 

Maybe what we could do instead, is start by rendering a calendar. 
Upon clicking a day, all the possible slots appear, and you can set your availability. 
If a slot is already booked, it will tell you, and you can cancel it. 
Obviously I'd want to add some extra options in these panels - like selecting length, coachee, etc.
I think some of the benefits are, though, that it's not as fiddly, and that it allows quicker visual 
access to a larger range of days, which might encourage users to plan fo the future a bit more. 

I also think that, since Natalie mentioned to me that some of our coaches aren't super 
technical people, and some of them are older, it's important to have friendlier UI. 

-6, -1, +7, +4
14 17 28 43
